Question 1 asks us to identify potential user segments in the data file.
I've uploaded the data into Tableau,
so we can quickly review the dimensions to locate
potential user information that can be used for segmentation.
In this file, we see dimensions such as user Id,
date, device, and sex.
User Id the user's Id not a segment.
They could be the date that a user was first seen.
Good for cohort analysis.
Device and sex also sound like user characteristics that can be used for segmentation.
Date, device, and sex are the potential user segments in the data file.
Question 2 asks us to list all divisions within
each characteristic or user behavior segment in the dataset.
Let me go to the workbook.
By placing a dimension from the table into a column or row in Tableau,
the number of unique names per dimension will be shown.
The sex segment is female and male.
The division for devices is desktop and mobile,
and the division for date includes January,
February, March, and April of 2015.
The final question asks us to calculate the largest and smallest segments.
To do this, we need to look at the unique user Ids associated with each segment.
Starting with sex output and a measure of the number of records,
we see we have 45,000 in each.
For desktop and mobile,
we have 60,000 and 30,000,
and for dates we have 22,600.
The largest group is desktop users,
who represent 60,200 users.
The smallest segment group is the monthly segments at 22,600 records per month.
If we're considering just user traits,
the smallest group would be mobile,
with 30,200 mobile records.